README.md, before:

# FableMenu

FableMenu is a plugin for the PC version of Fable: The Lost Chapters, it adds an ImGui powered menu with many features including free camera, object creation, player data manipulation and more!

**Tested only with Steam version!**


# Features

- Free camera
- Player morph editor
- Player data editor (Gold, Health, Will, Experience, Position)
- World time control
- World object creation
- World creature creation (also has an option to make some creatures follow and defend player)
- HUD toggle
- Simple slowmotion toggle

and more!

# Installation

Download binary files from [Releases](https://github.com/ermaccer/FableMenu/releases) and extract the .zip
archive to root folder of Fable TLC.

Archive breakdown:

 - dinput8.dll - [Ultimate ASI Loader](https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader/)
 - FableMenu.asi 
 - FableMenu.ini - configuration file

# Issues
- Hiding HUD might make menu disappear when any object is being targeted, simple way to fix is to close menu if open and untick hide HUD option in the pause menu.

# Usage

Press ~ (default) to open or close menu.

Check .ini file for extra options.

Commit message:

Added support for custom translation.

README.md, after:

# FableMenu by ermaccer

FableMenu is a plugin for the PC version of Fable: The Lost Chapters, it adds an ImGui powered menu with many features including free camera, object creation, player data manipulation and more!

**Tested only with Steam version!**


# Features

- Free camera
- Player morph editor
- Player data editor (Gold, Health, Will, Experience, Position)
- World time control
- World object creation
- World creature creation (also has an option to make some creatures follow and defend player)
- HUD toggle
- Simple slowmotion toggle

and more!

# Installation

Download binary files from [Releases](https://github.com/ermaccer/FableMenu/releases) and extract the .zip
archive to root folder of Fable TLC.

Archive breakdown:

 - dinput8.dll - [Ultimate ASI Loader](https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader/)
 - FableMenu.asi 
 - FableMenu.ini - configuration file

# Issues
- Hiding HUD might make menu disappear when any object is being targeted, simple way to fix is to close menu if open and untick hide HUD option in the pause menu.

# Usage

Press ~ (default) to open or close menu.

Check .ini file for extra options.


# FableMenu FRC version


# Updates

- Added support for using custom translations for the interface and lists of objects and entities.
- The design of the creation tab (objects, creatures) has been changed and brought to a single, dynamically changing view.
